# DBCTA
Civilians FM, AM modulations upon MF, VHF and UHF bands of broadcasting radio and television transmissions distributed analysis. Trying to catch global human trade network in Catalunya, Spain. A territory enslaved for political reasons.

My idea is very simple, and some how not so difficult to demonstrate. It's based upon my investigation as a victim of human trade, victim of and European human trade program with exploitation purposes.

Humans could be enslaved by radio technology following a simple work flow:

1) Human body have to be over electrified by electromagnetic interference fields generated by MF tower radiators, VHF tower radiators, TETRA systems or other sources. Some European city got a lot of in some part of them, the real purpose is what I'm explaining.
2) Once human body is electrified it produce a sum of electromagnetic fields that could be pointed by a remote transmitter.  Once the human body pertain to the human trade network is not necessary that it have to be electrified by EMI sources, one of the service active in this network is exactly maintaining the body under continuous electron bombing. It's hided by a form of electronic torture, remote electroshock. In fact all about this network is hided by a smoke curtain. 
3) Human trade facility have to be classified as aristocrat terrorism, catholic terrorism. Those very influent people got access to state infrastructure, civilian infrastructure. Nowadays radio and television have evolved into digital technology. Now radio is transmitted by digital radio modules. Added to legal digital radio modules there are the illegal onces. Those are simply the translate of old late seventies US and other offices patents to digital technology. Nothing incredible at all. Another time the true is covered by a lot of disinformation, in the wild you can catch a lot of article speaking about satellite or new mobile phone access technologies, like 5G. It's all false.
4) Using the powerful installations of state civilian radio and television broadcast towers those terrorist can enslave people. They have build upon this simple design all that is known as modern slavery. Modern slavery is obtained renting the human trade network as a service for different purposes, normally the final goal for the customer is illegal business. For the owners it represents a new, but not so new, kind of cold war; a kind of geopolitic absolutism, most better the new form of Catholic terrorism the new form of Nazism, the new form of fair right terrorism. It's not so difficult got access to them, the meaning is very simple to understand, once is to cover obviously the true. Middle class drug dealers got access to it, they think that this is a secret network. A mafia network. Another time all is false, while they pay to rent to service they're in reality enslaved by it.
5) Human trade network got two phases:
   1) Reception: neural and electric brain states are read in remote by this technology, next in cluster of supercomputers presents in principle towers, like the Collserola one in Barcelona, are reconstructed and compared with enormous databases to understand the meaning, that we think for example. All is governed by artificial intelligence frameworks, like tensorflow without any doubt. 
   2) Transmission: Using known patents a couple of service, like voice to skull, is transmitted by radiators. In my opinion the have been adapted to radio FM carriers. They hide the transmission probably multiplexing it by time above a lot of carriers, programs.
6) As a victim of human trade my brain is interfered by technology this could be something very bad but it could be very interesting to find the sources of the human trade network. As I work in ISP business, wireless Internet service provider, I've been mounted in four geographical different locations a simple PCB with a wide range DSP based radio and a discone antenna. As I'm doing only scanning and register of civilian transmission I've not to be licensed as radio ham.  What I want to archive is despite my current location, considering the national frequency of transmission of the territory that I'm analyzing, is to first register every X seconds the same program in all the frequencies, next jump to another and so on. Every night I will transfer results to my central of operation, my house.

https://help.mikrotik.com/docs/display/ROS/GPS-tracking
